[Music]
it is 19h30
here is the magazine for us in
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania limitless
freedom the art with a paraglider
take off with it nice evening cordially
welcome to the northmagazine a flight over
500 kilometers so about from Rostock
to frankfurt am main where the pilot
no liter of fuel needs but
if necessary, a little warm air
such ecological achievements
can accomplish paragliding
of course is and paraglider as
Transportation not particularly
reliable and you catch it as practicing there
first with very modest distances
We are close to the exercise site
of goods to watch
At the very beginning it is very important that
all the linen here are free if so
I then go off the screen
properly tearing up and nothing changes
and nothing happened to me, johanna
Freudental will be here for the first time today
climb alone to over 100 meters and
fly freely
So far, it is not more than ten meters
and only on the rope flown flight instructor corner
Hamel checks one last time and
harness since then hanging must here of
running along the trouser seam
and that's right, but here it is
right if I cross over here
that's what happened to me
Now, yes, I have that once
competed
So I took it anyway
which does not bind the clinker
really with attached the escape
begins with the rise of the market
forward now is still relatively much
Wind means ours
running speed to take off
I have not so great were always
a bit of bodyweight forward that
calls umbrella rise gesture very slowly
with the arms up and up
running speed to take off
a wind at the other end of the square
the pilots will be in with their umbrellas
pulled the air and there you always come
I was told
because wear
maybe change
Run on the bar made by Johanna
is perforation all the time
flight instructor connected
[Music]
meanwhile, there are the others too
paragliders went into the air
with good thermics come the experienced
Pilots here in the north up to 100
miles away
with the hands
stay exactly
I do not fully understand that
absolutely beautiful
as soon as you fly so easily and
is totally exciting because it's all new
he is totally nice and gentle
Johanna has risen to 130 meters
and she will do it again next time
create again